hello it's Ruby and Merry Christmas I
hope that everyone is having a wonderful
Christmas I knew that my family suddenly
is so it's currently 10 o'clock in the
morning and I thought that I would fill
my what I got for Christmas video
I haven't actually opened all of my
presents yet just because have an hour
of getting ready when the family arrives
at 12 and then we're going to open a few
more presents at 11 but just say that I
can put all of my presents the way I
thought that I would start them on this
video now but before I begin I do want
to point out that I am NOT trying to
show off for making this video as always
it was rather highly requested and I
know from past videos that it's
something that my viewers seem to enjoy
watching I do know that the meaning of
Christmas is nothing to do with gifts
it's to do with being thankful and
spending time with your family Christmas
isn't to do with gifts most I want to
say that I am incredibly grateful to
everything that I have received and also
the time that I was able to summit my
family this morning I'm going to start
by showing you what I received in my
Christmas stocking
first thing is three things from lush
and I haven't taken these out of a
packaging yet because it can get rather
not see the three that I did receive
what this sparkly pumpkin bubbled off
and this smells so much like pumpkin
it's really really really good and then
I also received this pink pumpkin bubble
ah and lastly this milky bath bubble LA
and I'm really excited for trying these
out because I haven't used a bath bomb
in months of months and months then the
next thing is this hankering this is the
pandas dream white hand cream and I
actually remember looking at this and
getting a free sample when I was about
13 and I really loved it and so it was
it was rather surprised to receive this
and the next thing is this wax melt and
this is in Christmas memories and next I
received this Harry Potter music box
then the next thing I received is this
coconut hand sanitizer this stamp and
this is
smoothly this diary and this is from
gorgeous got a kind of planner section
and then it's also got room to write in
blue bits so I think I'm going to use
this for kind of school head girl
planning and then I receive a chocolate
frog and the card that I received was
the Potter family Harry's parents pair
in the Melrose era said and the next
thing I received is this um jelly buff
swine play these three pens I'm eating
is all from Paper Chase my favorite one
is this one which is the raindrops poem
this lighter and then the last thing
that I received in my Christmas stocking
was a new pumpkin pie chapstick and if
you've been watching my videos and you
probably know that I'm pretty much
obsessed with this chapstick flavour so
now I'm going to move on to the slightly
bigger present that Santa Claus bought
two pairs of bowden black leggings I got
three pairs of fat pay sucks really
lovely candle and this smells like white
jasmine
Packaging is really really pretty
actually it's really nice so then you
saw that I received those two Harry
Potter music boxes I also received
another two with the same tune because
unlike letter to father Christmas I put
that I would really love a Harry Potter
music box so I ended up getting three of
the same tune I think my favorite one is
this wooden one because it's really nice
and decorative and the next thing I
received was three bottles and ink this
one is the blue black Parker Quinn and
then these two are water Mon Paris and
this one's red and then this one's
unlikely to go to the Latin writing
themes I received this hack of parchment
which I really appreciated because I was
actually running short on my parchment
paper then I receive two packs of
parchment envelopes and these are really
lovely they're really high quality so
the next thing I received was this pack
of fineliners these are the Stabilo one
and I owned one single fineliner which
is the gray one which I used so much and
so I'm really excited to start using
this pack so I received this pack of
stickers and there are five Hawaii
Grange theme stickers they're really
nice this is from an Etsy shop Santa
Motiti
then next I received some sweets so I
received this lint tank battle mint
humbugs because I really love metallics
and their lastly I receive three packs
of Twizzlers and these are the original
story once wrote these packs and then I
also got some multicolored prisons the
last two things that I received from
father Christmas were these two crates
and these are potions crates this larger
one says Harry's potions on it and then
it says school property that's blood
fairy wing cockroach and unicorn horn
then the second one is on I really love
this one this one's Hermione Granger's
Lucian's and patience Hogwarts Ministry
of Magic I've been wanting some like
this for such a long time and it was a
massive surprise I had no idea that I
was getting means now I'm going to move
on which I proceeded so far for my
parents so every year my dad chooses a
present which is specifically from him
and this year the first thing I received
from my dad was this Golden Snitch
fidget sternum and it's actually really
cool Kim it's very much box and then the
second thing he bought me was this so
this is the complete box for me
Dickenson so I already only complete
what's Emily Dickinson but this one is
using Dickinson's manuscripts directly
so it's in the format that she
originally would have written them
because sometimes obviously poems are
edited by editors that should be quite
exciting to read oh and then my dad also
bought me this body shot body cream and
it's a Santa's favorite flavor and then
it's got my name on it and this is
coconut so then my mom has bought me
this which is a pack of sticky notes and
these are really really
nice ones so then there's next thing
something that I did ask for which is
this third jacket which I'm wearing at
the moment this is from slender Ella and
I put it on my it was on my Christmas
wish list if you watched my Christmas
wish list which I filmed a few weeks ago
it's so warm its fleece and I actually
haven't been able to take it off one
morning my mom also bought me I'm riding
them at the moment so gonna take them
off she bought me this these socks from
casket stone and they've got polar bears
and penguins on this is my favorite
casket stone print they pushed out this
year Allen just in love with the print
and to go with the socks I also received
the pajamas I actually I got dressed
when I woke up and then when I a friend
News pajamas I put them on straight away
because I loved them so much this is
what they look like they're lovely
button-up flannel pajamas and these the
buttons the next key things are from my
sister and my sister is so so great with
gifts it's unbelievable how good she is
with gifts so the first thing that my
sister has got me is this clear spring
organic Japanese oolong tea and I've
never tried it on tea before but she
said that I she thinks that I really
like it and then the next one she bought
me is this modern calligraphy workshop
book it's this guide to calligraphy
writing which is really really cool I
mean look at that it's got loads of
letters to copy she also bought me this
folder and it's got the periodic table
of elements on it I like how it's quite
vintage so I'm going to have to find
some way to use this for chemistry and
then the last thing that I have so far
opened is from my sister she got me this
um microphone so when I'm doing
voiceovers I can just plug this into the
side and then it's this tiny microphone
I could travel with it to you so if I
were filming on my phone then I could
just plug this in and use it to record
better audio and this is really
thoughtful for my channel obviously so
and I'm excited to start using this as
well I have actually got a few presents
from friends that I'd like to quickly
show actually and so the first thing my
just opened and this is from my friend
Margo Margo does have a YouTube channel
so I will
that linked either on the screen or down
below so she sent me this book and it's
Christina Rossetti Goblin market I love
Christina Rossetti so I'm excited to
read this hey Thank You Margaux oh and
she also sent me this card and the
envelope was so pretty she drew little
Christmas lights all over it then these
next two things are from my Secret
Santas at school
so we did both a form Secret Santa and
then a stick from Secret Santa and I got
two Harry Potter notebooks so from my
film secrets under which is my friend
Katie I got this lovely Hogwarts
notebook and it's this kind of
iridescent gold Hogwarts crest on the
front and then on the inside it's got
the Hogwarts it's got a Hogwarts flag in
the corner and it's Hochman colored
paper and Katie also bought me this
little teddy band and it has a t-shirt
with my school logo on because she knows
how much I love I love my school so both
of those presents are just so thoughtful
so thank you Katie if you're watching
this and then from my stick from Secret
Santa which was my friend Louise she
bought me this again
absolutely gorgeous Harry Potter
notebook and it's got this really lovely
metallic clasp on it
and then on the inside in the corner you
can see that there's this beautiful seal
on every page and I just love this
notebook so much I don't know what I'm
going to use either of these makeups for
yaps but I will come up with a plan for
a scene that's everything I received so
far and I'm so so grateful so it's now a
lot later and I'm going to show you the
rest of the presents that I've received
so I'm going to start by showing you
what my parents got me
so from cath kids done as well my
parents wouldn't meet this notebook and
it's from the new Peter Pan range that
cath Kidston was doing and Peter Pan is
my favorite Disney film and I just love
the print on the front of this notebook
and also inside the papers really thick
and really good quality then the next
thing I got was from my system and this
is some green tea with jasmine to go on
the tea theme my sister also
me this afternoon ticket set so it comes
with some chocolate biscuits some orange
marmalade and strawberry jam some black
tea and some green tea and this is such
a lovely gift set so then from my
parents I got a few books the first book
that I received is this which is the
Prophet by Kahlil Gibran and I've heard
a lot about this so I'm looking forward
to reading it then I got to the book
Aristotle and Dante discover the secrets
of the universe and lastly I got Do
Androids Dream of Electric Sheep
by philip k dick and i've really wanted
to read this one for a very long time so
i'm looking forward to starting it my
mum also bought me this book kindness
the little thing matters most and i've
had a look through this and it's so
lovely kindness i think is one of the
most valuable things if not the most
valuable thing in the wild and the most
valuable thing we can give and so my mom
definitely knows new Harley getting this
book and then my sister bought me this
book which is a very short introduction
to chemistry sorry for the background
noise outside my cousins are just saying
just that bad from my friend Indira I
got this lovely notebook from Paper
Chase there's a ten subject notebook so
it's got loads of dividers and the most
lovely thing about this is that on the
first page of each provider she's
written an inspirational quote for
working hard so the first one is dreams
don't work unless you do you have to
believe in yourself or no one else does
that makes you a winner and probably my
favorite one I've learned all the course
books by heart ofcourse I just hope it
will be enough I'm Hani Granger by the
way it's such a thoughtful gift so thank
you so much Indira Indira also sent me
this which is her mom owns the company
amount of foods and they make vegan
marshmallows I reviewed that
marshmallows in the video actually so
I'll leave that link somewhere on the
screen this the round ups are amazing
there and I'm really looking forward to
eating this she also sent my family
three boxes of vegan marshmallows one
vanilla flavoured one peach and one
raspberry my honestly loved her
marshmallows and the last thing that
Indira sent me was this which is a sea
salt mist candle it smells like salted
vanilla and jazz
and I'm going to burning this tomorrow I
think then from my parents again I got
this the body shop drops of youth and
this is probably my favorite skincare
product youthful liquid appeal so you
rub it on your skin and then all the
dead skin comes off and I find it's
really a treat it's really helped to
keep my skin clear because I've been
using it for about seven or eight months
now from my friend and Elaine she
dropped this around a few days ago and I
only just opened it so the first thing
she got me was this diffuser and this
isn't hosted vanilla coconut she knows
me so well because toasted coconut is
the most amazing smell she also bought
me a really nice hand soap and I already
put that up in the bathroom then my
parents bought me this pan this is from
John Lewis and I saw it back in
September and just fell in love with it
it's this gorgeous decorative pan and
it's got a stag at the top and then rain
drops on it deer and bears are my
favorite animals and it says the deer
graceful and compassionate intuitive
from my sister I got these two larger
presents the first one is this spa
retreat set so it's got some slippers
and then nourishing foot lotion and
reviving bath salts and my sister also
bought me this kind of knockoff Lego set
I actually really like Lego I find it's
quite actually helps to reduce stress so
I'm looking forward to moving this at
some point
on that note actually um my dad taught
me this geo node set and because I
really enjoy magnets as well as Lego so
this is a kind of magnet construction
it's probably a bit young for me but
again it might be good for distressing
next thing that I received is from my
sister and it is this beauty pouch
pencil pouch some sort of pouch and it's
from John Lewis and it's got this really
lovely in fact print on it
my main present was the Kindle
paperwhite and I am so excited to start
using this I've said in my Christmas
wish that video that this was at the top
of my Christmas list because my old
candle was getting really slow and it
kept on turning off and
it had a massive crack in the keyboard
so I'm so excited to start using this
Kindle and I also got this really love
the case to go with it and it's Harry
Potter themed so it says book of spells
on the front and then on the spine as
well it looks rather hot Wharton
there's a magic library library page and
on it you can see that H Granger took
this book out on the 1st of December so
then from my sister's best friends
family I received this mug with an R on
it and inside there some lovely
chocolates and these ones are green and
blacks and the others in the north and
they also bought me this notebook which
says be yourself beautiful bold loving
work and this is who love me and from my
great aunt and uncle the first thing
that I received is this label mineka
which I'm really glad to dis not using
because I love organizing things and
they also brought me this mini sticker
maker and I'm really looking forward to
using this for scrapbooking then from my
grandparents I received this vintage
popcorn maker which is really really
cool because I love popcorn so much and
I also received a book token for
waterstones which i think is the perfect
gift for any bookworm because you can
never have enough books so then from my
auntie uncle and cousins including Ellen
here who you probably seen quite a few
videos now I received the fact well the
first thing I received is this book
which is 365 days of London and this has
a series of quotes in at one for every
day of the year um kind of inspirational
quotes about how to live your life so
generally generate fun at the Mount
Ellen go to man that first ate agent
oyster Jonathan
swim I wasn't yeah I wasn't in space
that's trying all this twenty-eight the
butterfly counts not mites that
maintenance and has time enough so this
is really cool if you ever have you out
he's reading a book at the moment do you
think you're going to read
without him maybe it's really good I
definitely recommend it so then the
second thing that I received from them
was this muroids not to-do list which if
you've watched my Christmas wish list
this was very very very highly ranked
because I would like I fell in love with
this to do this like four years ago so
thank you so much for getting it that
was such a big hug you guys as I said
I'm so grateful for everything that I
received and I feel so lucky to have
them blast with such amazing presents
but also with a chance to spend such
amazing time with family so thank you so
much for watching
Merry Christmas and Happy activity
have a productive week did that bad
salad like